chore: Add upgrade guide [skip ci] (#2475)
aws-amplify/amplify-swift: UpgradeGuide.md

# Upgrade Guide: Amplify Library for Swift

As part of the latest version of Amplify Library for Swift, we have re-written our APIs to support idiomatic Swift features. 

### Structured Concurrency (async/await pattern)

All our APIs have been refactored to follow the async/await structured concurrency pattern. The following is an example of how you would implement Sign-In for your authentication flows:

> v1 - Callback api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v1 - Callback API
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe add `swift` to all code blocks so we get syntax highlight? 

e.g. having `swift`:
```swift
func signIn(username: String, password: String) {
    Amplify.Auth.signIn(username: username, password: password) { result in
        switch result {
        case .success:
            print("Sign in succeeded")
        case .failure(let error):
            print("Sign in failed \(error)")
        }
    }
}
```

vs without:

```
func signIn(username: String, password: String) {
    Amplify.Auth.signIn(username: username, password: password) { result in
        switch result {
        case .success:
            print("Sign in succeeded")
        case .failure(let error):
            print("Sign in failed \(error)")
        }
    }
}
```

Author: updated

func signIn(username: String, password: String) {
    Amplify.Auth.signIn(username: username, password: password) { result in
        switch result {
        case .success:
            print("Sign in succeeded")
        case .failure(let error):
            print("Sign in failed \(error)")
        }
    }
}
```

v2 - Async/Await

```
func signIn(username: String, password: String) async throws {
    let signInResult = try await Amplify.Auth.signIn(
        username: username, 
        password: password
    )
    if signInResult.isSignedIn {
        print("Sign in succeeded")
    }
}
```

### Combine support

Support for combine apis was also changed in the v2. You can read more about the changes in the dedicated doc here - 
https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-swift/blob/main/README-combine-support.md

> For detailed definitions of all the Amplify features available in this version, please refer to o[ur latest v2 documentation](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/q/platform/ios/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed definitions of all the Amplify features available in this version, please refer to [our latest v2 documentation](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/q/platform/ios/).
```
